In this lecture we will learn about attributes that can be applied to any HVM element.
These attributes are called Global attributes the access key attribute lets us assign a key on the keyboard
to activate or focus an element depending on the browser you are using the key combination you need
to press may vary on Chrome Safari and Internet Explorer.
You press the old key and then the access key to activate or focus the element.
If you're using Firefox you press Allt shift and the access key to activate or focus the element the
class attribute allows us to specify a class that our HMO element belongs to.
Let's add a paragraph element with some example text to our Web page that we will use to demonstrate
the global attributes we will learn about in this lecture.
For this example let's say a class attribute with a value of class name to a paragraph element.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
Let's jump back to the editor to specify a direction for element.
We use the DIR attribute of value of RTL we'll write the text from right to left on our Web page meaning
that our text starts on the right hand side of our Web page.
Let's add the DIR attribute to a paragraph element and give it a value of RTL.
Then we will run our code in the web browser to see the result.
Or is the default value for this property and means that the text will start on the left side of our
Web page.
Let's change the value of the dürer attribute to multicar and then go to the web browser and run our
code
as you can see the text is now displayed from left to right.
Then we will go back to the editor the ID attribute lets us assign an ID to our element the lang attribute
lets us specify what language the content of the element is in a lang attribute with a value of E and
specifies that the language is English.
Giving the lang attribute of value of E.S. specifies that the content of the element is Spanish the
style attribute allows us to stylize our element.
For this example lets make our text the color blue then we will go to the web browser and run the code
to see the result of the code we just typed.
Let's go back to the editor the tab index attribute lets us specify the tab order for an element when
using the tab key to navigate a webpage a tab index of one will make an element selected on the first
click of the tab key tab index of two will make an element selected on the second click of the tab key
etc..
Let's add two more paragraph elements to our Web page for a total of three paragraph elements.
We will give the first element of tab index of three.
The second element the tab index of two and the third element a tab index of 1.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code when we hit the tab key the first time.
You will notice that the third paragraph element is selected.
Since we gave it a tab index of 1 when we hit the tab key a second time.
The second element which we gave a tab index of to is selected.
Pressing the tab key a third time results in the first paragraph element being selected which we gave
a tab index of 3.
Let's jump back to the editor and look at the next example.
The title attribute lets us provide additional information about an element displayed when the user
mouse is over an element.
Let's have one paragraph element on our Web page and give it a title attribute.
Then we will give the title attribute of value of the text that will be displayed when the user mouse
is over the paragraph element.
Once we have done that we will jump to the web browser and run our code then we will go back to the
editor in the next lecture.
We will learn about HVM L5 specific attribute.